Docs: Refactor data sources content (#57573)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/_index.md

# Panels and visualizations

The _panel_ is the basic visualization building block in Grafana.
Each panel has a query editor specific to the data source selected in the panel.

> The query editor allows you to extract the perfect visualization to display on the panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query editor allows you to build a query to get the data you want to visualize. 
```

There are a wide variety of styling and formatting options for each panel.
Panels can be dragged, dropped, and resized to rearrange them on the dashboard.

Before you add a panel, ensure that you have configured a data source.

> While you can use the [special built-in "Grafana" data source]({{< relref "../datasources/#special-data-sources" >}}) to generate random data for testing, you can accomplish more with panels once you add a live data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not sure we need to mention the built in test data source and random data testing queries here
